so today we're going to talk about a
murder demonstration on the opal right
here this is from Clarisonic and it is
an awesome awesome little device and
we're going to learn more about it right
now
wonderful why did you love it Elena I do
love it I love it a lot this is by the
same inventor and also the Sonicare
toothbrush as well as the Clarisonic and
it is a sonic infusion system and it
will help product penetrate into the
skin up to ten times deeper than just
tapping eye cream yes you can also use
it not only Romeo area but the lip line
and also the nasal labial holes oh yeah
today we're straight trying love yeah so
this product I've been using this device
with the product and using gosh after
the past year so this does more than
what your a normal eye cream can do
definitely it will help smooth out fine
lines improve hydration it will help
brighten up the eye area and it can help
with dark circles and puffiness and on
some people it also seems to be able to
even get a little
lift on the eye although it's
person-specific
yeah and also user-specific this
silicone medical-grade tip will move 125
movements per second and assume that
we're going to use that does come with
the collection is a serum based sea
marine base which have no sir
paraben free paraben free so now it is
recommended at 30 seconds for a
treatment but for more advanced
treatment to get when I was bribing up a
bit of a lift somehow there are benefits
I usually go a little bit longer so I'm
going to go a little further than 30
seconds but it does time itself and
after every 30 seconds it will turn on
so will be just turning it right back on
now if you notice they will start
usually with lifting on the tail of the
brow and the midpoint that so when I get
up on to that area and now I'm on your
brow bone I tend to start out here in
the temple and apply a pretty good-sized
pressure just make sure you're not
dragging the skin right and then it's
always gliding how's that feeling just
good
that word your cerumen it's not
irritating it's but it's not light
ticklish good point you comfortable
it does feel fantastic if you're doing
this yourself
so you always want to make sure it's
always gliding there's our first 30
seconds if in fact you find that it
stops gliding your serums may be either
penetrated in or it's time to be done
with your treatment what I usually do is
I put my moisturizer on and then I go
treatment
it's probably one of the first things
you want to do when you jump out of the
shower yeah some thing you can do once a
day or twice a day or as needed
especially in first thing in the morning
now I'm going to grab just a little bit
more serum so I have enough now to do
the top part just so that was two
30-second intervals and one minute make
sure we're not on your eyeball just
really work it out
and you're kind of doing like small
circles right yes and you might find
your own technique that works for you
but this has been what works really well
for me and just kind of small circles a
little bit of a pressure not too much I
even like to go above the eyebrow wow I
haven't done that yet well we're gonna
wrap it up at our last 30 second
treatment get this corrugator over there
where the Botox usually goes
actually um Botox and
or aging later
even without you Gingka all making it
all in there ain't go I'm never reading
the shot
now if you take a look I would say it
looks a little bit higher and a little
bit brighter we said yes it feels great
it's nice and hydrated I know when I use
it at home I don't I give the my product
always put it
I notice you know I do not have fine
lines around my my eyes and I think it's
because of the opal amethyst you know
using good product that you know I might
have dehydration right here but but
that's it so I know it's because I've
been using puffiness - oh my gosh it's
helped with my puffiness absolutely it
can help it drain you look I'd rate it
and there is a bit of the lift on your
brow again person-specific and looks
awful bright thank you and it is
rechargeable so you never have to buy
batteries and you will just get new tips
every once in a while and it comes with
a 1.7 ounce serum but you can use it
with other serums if you so choose to